Allow configuring the RestAssured timeouts and provide sensible defaults. (#12127)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/getting-started-testing.adoc

Quarkus also provides RestAssured integration that updates the default port used by RestAssured before the tests are run,
so no additional configuration should be required.

=== Controlling HTTP interaction timeout

> When using RestAssured in your test, a connection and response timeout are set to 30s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using REST Assured in your test, the connection and response timeouts are set to 30 seconds.
```
